fixed typo and added map.entrySet() explanation (#3197)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/hashmap/hashmap.md

---
Title: 'HashMap'

> Description: 'HashMap is used to store items as key-value pairs. The keys and values can be of either the same or different types.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Stores items as key-value pairs, the keys and values can be of either the same or different types.'
```

{}
```

> ## Traversing a `HashMap` using **.keySet()**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Traversing a `HashMap` using `.keySet()`
```

Ben
Lily
```

> ##Traversing a `HashMap` using **map.entrySet()**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Traversing a `HashMap` using `.entrySet()`
```

> Alternatively, we could use Map.entry() to return a `set` of key-value pairs. This might be more efficient is some cases, where we might need to access the key and the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, `.entrySet()` can be used to return a `set` of key-value pairs. This might be more efficient is some cases, where it's needed to access the key and the value.

```
We avoid first- and second-person pronouns in Docs.

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I changed it. 😃

```java
import java.util.HashMap;
import java.util.entrySet;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    HashMap<String, String> courseTeacher = new HashMap<String, String>();

    courseTeacher.put("History", "Ben");
    courseTeacher.put("Mathematics", "Jeanette");
    courseTeacher.put("Physics", "Lily");

    for (Map.entry<String, String> entry: courseTeacher.entrySet()) {
      System.out.printf("Course: %s",entry.getKey());
      System.out.printf("Teacher: %s \n", entry.getValue());
    }

  }
}
```

> The output will be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The output will be:

```

Author: does that mean I should delete the line where it says :
"The output will be:"?
I tried to add empty lines before and after, but it still showed me the line in red, until I deleted it completely and it was green and good to go. I'm a bit confused there. I would appreciate any feedback 😃 
Thanks

Reviewer 2: > does that mean I should delete the line where it says : "The output will be:"? I tried to add empty lines before and after, but it still showed me the line in red, until I deleted it completely and it was green and good to go. I'm a bit confused there. I would appreciate any feedback 😃 Thanks

I added the line back. It should have just been blank lines before and after,

Ben
Lily
```

> ## Traversing a `HashMap` using `map.entrySet()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Traversing a `HashMap` using `.entrySet()`
```

> Alternatively, Map.entry() can be used to return a `set` of key-value pairs. This might be more efficient in some cases where it's needed to access the key and the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, `Map.Entry()` can be used to return a `set` of key-value pairs. This might be more efficient in some cases where it's needed to access the key and the value.
```

```java

> import java.util.HashMap;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import java.util.*;
```

> import java.util.entrySet;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

public class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    HashMap<String, String> courseTeacher = new HashMap<String, String>();

    courseTeacher.put("History", "Ben");
    courseTeacher.put("Mathematics", "Jeanette");
    courseTeacher.put("Physics", "Lily");

>     for (Map.entry<String, String> entry: courseTeacher.entrySet()) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for (Map.Entry<String, String> entry: courseTeacher.entrySet()) {
```
